feat: add option to filter targets (#7192)
puppeteer/puppeteer: docs/api.md

  - `slowMo` <[number]> Slows down Puppeteer operations by the specified amount of milliseconds. Useful so that you can see what is going on.
  - `transport` <[ConnectionTransport]> **Experimental** Specify a custom transport object for Puppeteer to use.
  - `product` <[string]> Possible values are: `chrome`, `firefox`. Defaults to `chrome`.

>   - `targetFilter` <?[function]\([Protocol.Target.TargetInfo]\):[Promise]<[boolean]>|[boolean]> Use this function to decide if Puppeteer should connect to the given target. By default, puppeteer will connect to all available targets.

Reviewer: Please clarify what the callback should return to keep/remove an item. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
  - `targetFilter` <?[function]\([Protocol.Target.TargetInfo]\):[Promise]<[boolean]>|[boolean]> Use this function to decide if Puppeteer should connect to the given target. If a `targetFilter` is provided, Puppeteer only connects to targets for which `targetFilter` returns `true`. By default, Puppeteer connects to all available targets.
```

(this phrasing assumes the logic is changed per my comment below)
